all right Lads welcome we're going to
talk about how to create an offer that
clients buy and examples in formulation
and this video is sponsored by me my
stuff clientasension.com see our
Ascension scaling system and how we
guarantee you add a minimum of ten
thousand dollars per month in new
business or you don't pay if you're a
beginner you go to
internetmoneygroup.com that's if you
don't have a business yet right so let's
talk about this formulation so there's
four things we're talking about here so
you formulate an offer with these four
things so a specific problem unique
mechanism pricing and terms and risk
reversal right so these are in
descending importance
it's most important to have this then
most important to have this then most
important to have this then most
important to have this right so if the
problem you're solving is big enough
Nothing Else Matters right so I like
I'll give you an example if you have
cancer in six months left to live it
does not matter what it is the unique
mechanism how much it costs pricing or
terms or whether it's 100 for sure going
to work like an experimental drug risk
reversal right you're probably going to
do it
if there's any hope at all right so
that's like a big enough problem you
solve right odd you're not you're
obviously you're not solving cancer
right but you need to find an actual
pressing problem you can't make it up
right so I want you to see this video
after this one for more on that about
like you can't make problems up you have
to find them right the link will also be
in the description but
um specific problems let's go over this
so you need to know the actual problems
a niche is having instead of making it
up right most of you guys are guilty of
this where you pick like a high income
skill whether that's like copywriting or
Facebook ads and you try to work
backwards on the formulation chart so
like you start here and then go up right
this is the wrong way to do it you have
to start here and go down so if you
don't have a specific problem or use a
unique mechanism and only rely on
pricing and terms and risk reversal you
need to really amp those two up right if
you don't have this and if you don't
have this and all you have is this then
you these need to be strong right so
like I'll give it for instance this
would work right I'll front the cost of
your Facebook advertising I'll write the
copy make the ads and use my own ad
account you give me 20 of the deal it's
that close right like that that would
work because you don't have these two
right this will not work I charge three
thousand dollars to manage your Facebook
ads it's not working I promise you it's
not right so you need to find problems
with precision
so like here's some examples high rows
this is AD attribution so add
attribution with pixels is horrible and
doesn't work this fixes it with 98
accuracy with print tracking right so
like and then we'll take Cole Gordon so
you're not you're not getting enough
calls from your opt-ins he places
appointment Setters in your business to
call the leads right it's it's a it's a
big enough problem
and a unique mechanism they have both of
those which means they could charge a
lot of money they have they have both of
those so
how do you find the precise problems
right so I was talking about this in a
Twitter space the other day which by the
way you should go follow me there's a
link to my Twitter in the description
because I do Twitter spaces all the time
and you can come join live and like talk
about your business with me
um you need to source source it from the
niche you have in your head like in an
actual human way right so like here's
how let's say the niche you've chosen is
SAS companies who've just raised a seed
rounder series a right that's just I I
just made this up so find their
email or Twitter or LinkedIn or
Instagram and send a message like this
right hey name I'm thinking about
starting up an agency or Service Company
of some sort and thought of SAS
companies as a niche what problems do
you guys actually have I don't want to
sit here and make something up I want to
solve a real problem
this will probably get hello reply it's
like I would reply to something like
this personally I own SAS companies I
have five SAS companies right
like I this would work I promise
so you need to stop writing messages as
if the person on the other side is not
an actual human but I understand why
you've probably made that mistake before
it's because you've been writing your
Outreach messages directed to hundreds
of people instead of a singular person
right so this is a trick for cold email
in particular your scripts will perform
100 times better the closer they become
to having not been possible to have been
sent to somebody else right so it looks
like this
the more individualization the higher
the response rate
that's how high it would be I can always
I I can also put like another axis on
this like a three-dimensional axis where
it's like just humanism like it's it's
so obviously not like like you're just
being real like this is you read this
and it's like real you know what I mean
you're like oh this guy's being
extremely Frank with me this is
typically how I do my marketing I'm
always like very Frank everyone has
their own style of it I did in cold
email I like just being so 100 Frank to
the point it that's I think that works
the best and it's just my style
so let's move on to the next section of
this unique mechanism we're going to
talk about unique mechanisms and we're
going to go down the chart right so you
need to turn the thing you're selling
into a system right so let me give you
an example somebody joined client
Ascension last week and I was talking to
him about his offer and he's an email
copywriter wants to get more clients so
I asked him I said what makes you so
good at email marketing
and he took me through this Spiel like
he he started just talking about he's
these are like summarized points what he
was saying he was saying coaching info
product owners make a huge mistake with
their email list all they do is pitch
pitch pitch book a call book a call book
a call nobody shows any personality any
cold traffic that comes in will
immediately unsubscribe from the list
you burn the lead forever you need to
play the long game not everybody knows
who you are and you have to show them
your personality on the email list but
most people don't know how to write copy
correctly let alone have the time to sit
down and write it I get on interviews
with my clients almost like I'm a
therapist I ask them questions and dig
deep I hypnotize myself into becoming
them and I write emails that show their
personality and are completely
indistinguishable from them actually
writing
he has a unique system with which he
gets results I heard that and I was like
yo like I'm interested in working with
you right and he's my client
he paid me right
so you need to go from high income skill
to Unique system
you have to do this right so he turned
one of the most notoriously difficult
things to get clients for it to
something that's extremely appealing
right this is literally what we do with
everybody in client attention this is
the reason they get phenomenal results
because they just make it a system just
like that right so any person can walk
into client attention I have I know how
to turn their offer into a unique system
by the way go to clientsets.com to see
how all right so let's take another
example I will use client Ascension as
an example right so what makes client
acceptance so good at helping people get
clients like why are we so good at this
here's why
because we have the Ascension scaling
system
this you do this this is what we do it's
a system right so awkward formulation
video sales order and landing page copy
then code email setup then content
marketing setup and templates and then
you're going to hit 15K to 20K a month
you're not getting past 15K 20K a month
by yourself so you got to learn how to
hire and make systems right
so we show you how to do that and then
you replicate everything below this many
many times in higher sales a sales team
then you get 100K a month it's the same
thing every time it's the same system
over and over and over and over again
it's our unique way of doing it same way
over and over and over again right so
most people think they need to spend
tens of thousands of dollars or get
investment money to have successful
business I think there's no possible way
you can hit 50k a month without the help
of VCS or like secret industry experts
it's wrong right we make it easy for
them right the cold email scripts give
them the software for free give them 3
000 leads give them the Tweet templates
and engagement Twitter message scripts
LinkedIn message scripts turn the offer
into high ticket offer guarantee they
add a minimum of 10K a month in new
business or they don't pay right you
literally go from you don't know how to
get clients to you get one to two
clients a week just sending cold emails
and messages right
right give me 48 minutes per day
guaranteed or you don't pay it's gonna
work right
unique
so let's go to pricing and terms
so this is the third one down where I
talk about pricing in terms right so
this is how much you charge right it's
how much you charge in like the terms of
it and there's there's two different
types of offers you're probably selling
it's either a performative offer or it's
a productized service so like a
performative offer is like promising a
specific quantifiable result and like an
example is like an ad agency like a
Facebook Ad Agency or like a like a cold
email lead generation agency right a
productized service is based solely on
deliverables and quantifiable results
are not dependent on you so this is like
a short form content agency or like a
video editing agency that would be or
like a design agency that's a product I
service right so I talked about this in
this video that I will also leave the
link to in the description or if you
want this document leave a comment below
and I get you the document so
um
sophisticated versus unsophisticated
buyers right so you might be under the
impression that the lower your prices
the more people will buy but if you're
watching this video or you're trying to
run an agency business or a B2B business
this is not the case right so there are
many many cases where if you charge too
low you will actually lose a sale and
this is what this looks like
so
for unsophisticated buyers small
businesses
the more you charge so they're in blue
the more you charge the harder it is the
less you charge the easier it is for
sophisticated buyers big businesses the
less you charge the harder it is the
higher you charge the easier it is right
because they just it's like if you're
talking to a larger company it's strange
if you don't charge a lot of money they
they it's the association is that you
don't know what you're doing right and
they large companies are not interested
in working with people who don't get
good results right nobody looks for the
second best way to lose weight
they want the best way to do it right
the problem is hard nothing to get
solved now pricing doesn't matter they
just need they need to know it's going
to work right unique mechanism specific
problem when you have that large
companies like yeah like let's go right
the pricing becomes
semi-inconsequential right
so this puts you in a position where if
you're a beginner you have no idea what
to charge
and in this case you should almost
always charge a performance basis right
so like if you're a beginner you're
going to have a hard time like just like
operating a sales call or like you
should go watch I'm gonna I'm gonna link
it below uh Roi calculator video but if
you're a beginner you have no results
you have nothing it's almost easiest to
just charge a performance basis it just
makes the most sense right so
performance basis is not just for
clients it's also for you right you're
you're probably gonna feel like garbage
if you take somebody's money so you
might as well align your incentives 100
like you take a client's money you don't
get the results you're not going to feel
good about yourself like you're not
so just charge a performance basis if
you're not confident in your results
um so high ticket versus low ticket this
is where you need to get into the actual
operational Logistics of your company
right you you may not be at the stage
now
it might seem like so astronomically far
away but every minute of labor costs
something like you have like your time
has some dollar amount it's worth right
so even if you're doing the thing
there's still an amount of effort that
must be exerted to get the client that
deliverable right so like say you're you
run a short form agency it's still like
you're editing the videos like you're
spending money because time equals money
like you're doing that so you need to
charge enough money to people to where
you could Outsource it and hire people
and still profit right like get like a
60 margin like you wanna you don't like
it like an agency if you're scaling real
hard like you can go below 60 but like I
I typically recommend you guys stay
around like 60 plus oh no you know if
like
if your business
is like how you survive right I
understand why you'd get to a certain
point but I don't want to hire someone
because I don't want to give up money
like literally survive on this but if
you want to get past 15K but even around
like 10K to 20K this is where it happens
it's like it's at 10K to 20K where it's
like you're working way too much and I
absolutely positively promise you you
are not scaling the company if you don't
start hiring people you need to give up
some of the margin right so
um I'll give you a pricing mistake
somebody was telling me about on my
Twitter spaces so his offer was 60 short
form pieces of content edited Plus
for long-form YouTube videos edited and
he charged two thousand dollars a month
for 60 short form pieces of content of
four Long YouTube videos right so this
wouldn't be so bad if it was just the 60
pieces of content but with the four Long
YouTube videos it becomes that's an
unsustainable disaster right there's no
way this guy could ever sign another
client at that pricing again
it would be logistically impossible to
grow the company like the profit margin
would be so thin it would be it would be
so much work but so little pay it's
impossible you have to charge enough
money to where you could Outsource labor
it's the only way so only way this will
work right so when you don't charge
enough money you don't have free cash
flow to invest back into your business
your business how you actually survive
eat and pay rent right you don't have
time to Market and get more clients
because you're just doing all the client
work all day right you're miserable
working so much so you don't want to get
more clients in the first place you burn
out and your business goes It goes to
zero you think you're a failure but it
was really just one mistake you didn't
charge enough money you need to charge
more money you need to work with larger
businesses I absolutely promise you you
need to do this right you have to right
don't let your business bill because
you're too afraid to say a higher price
on the phone simultaneously your pricing
should be reasonable based on the value
you can provide so let's go back to this
right so choosing your pricing
performative versus productized right so
pricing a performative offer should be
around like a 5x return you should you
should be able to get them around a five
times return on their money right for a
product that I service it's it's a
little different it's a relative
perception plus value add right so for a
detailed explanation on pricing and
performance offer go see this video to
be in the description and again if you
want this document leave a comment right
so pricing your productized service I
want to talk about that so
it's about relative perception plus
value ads so like relative perception
would be your video editor what do video
editors normally get paid right plus
value add if you have a unique mechanism
right so
this guy has this incredibly unique
system he uses that sounds really
promising that's definitely worth
something that's like literally what
they're thinking right so the better the
unique mechanism you have the higher you
can charge right so again it comes back
to these two you need these two if you
have these two you can charge more money
right
all right so let's go on to risk
reversal right so I've said this before
in the video if you have the two above
risk reversal and pricing
risk reversal just becomes an amplifier
right so you can have these two and
these two and then this is amplification
right that's that just amplifies it a
little bit right so
you only need a risk reversal if you
don't solve a specific problem or a
unique mechanism right if you have all
four of these it's wild like super
potent offer it's it's gonna rip it's
gonna absolutely rip it's incredible
right so
um if you don't have a specific problem
or a unique mechanism you're selling a
commoditized offer right so like here's
the types of risk reversals you don't
pay until it works you pay as it works
so this is like Performance Based
agencies
right like I'll get you leads and you
pay per per call
if it doesn't work you don't pay if it
doesn't work we'll work with you until
it does right so this is descending
order right so these these could be
subdivided right but almost all of you
are just going to do this you're either
going to be running a performance base
or if it doesn't work you don't pay
this is just this is economically
unsustainable right this you can't it's
you're not you don't have like I assume
you don't have hundreds and hundreds of
millions and millions of dollars to
survive off of right now don't just
don't do that you just do two or three
right
um You need cash to actually survive
right like you need to eat in that
shelter
right so
um if you want this document leave a
comment in the section below and also we
guarantee you add an additional ten
thousand dollars per month in new
business with our Ascension scaling
system where you don't pay
clientsexual.com here's a bunch of
people who make a lot of money inside
client Ascension
so uh you can be like that
if you want to watch another video it
will be over there
love you
bye